Gwenevere Abriel: Bethany should eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: So much going on. I'm your side. Yeah. Goodness gracious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you coping today.
Bethany Shadid: Um, well, I was very much looking forward to talking to you.
Bethany Shadid: Because, today's the day that I have to tell my boss that I can't come back to work. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: You know i i told you a little bit about it last week strategically I planned this out.
But since
My coworker passed away.
Bethany Shadid: That's throw a wrench in it.
Bethany Shadid: And I all those feelings of obligation and
Bethany Shadid: That they need me, and I have to, you know, all of that start coming up.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: But I really can't go back to work. I'm my nursing license hasn't gone through yet.
Bethany Shadid: There's just no way around it, but
Bethany Shadid: I still have those guilty or shameful feelings that come up. Yeah. And so I was like okay maybe
Bethany Shadid: This will be good. I'll talk to one. Get in the right frame of mind to talk to him.
Bethany Shadid: Before I talked
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what we'll do today.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well get ready, we'll get we'll get real strong and confident and then you'll do what you want to do.
Bethany Shadid: Sounds good. And I think I should tell you a few things you know the situation a little bit better. Okay. Um,
Bethany Shadid: The doctor that passed away died in a house fire.
Bethany Shadid: We don't know exactly what happened. But he was injured.
Bethany Shadid: Six months ago.
Bethany Shadid: Where his lung collapsed.
Bethany Shadid: During a some outdoor activity. He got his lungs his ribs crushed.
Bethany Shadid: And he's been in and out of work ever since then. And I know that he'd been, I've been keeping an eye on him because
Bethany Shadid: Like at one point I had to get
Bethany Shadid: Another doctor involved because he was so pale.
Bethany Shadid: What had happened to his lung, the space between his lungs and his rib cage it filled up with blood. Oh, he was basically bleeding internally.
Bethany Shadid: And was back at work and I know that the pressure for them is just as hard as it is for me.
Bethany Shadid: Which plays into the whole pressure for management, despite you know people's well being.
Bethany Shadid: So I had been I had gotten much closer to him over the past few months, and
Bethany Shadid: He, he doesn't
Bethany Shadid: How should I say his specialty is working. Pulmonary and Sleep Medicine and he was an older gentleman in his mid 60s and
Bethany Shadid: He had made it very clear that he only wanted to work in clinic.
Bethany Shadid: And with the coronavirus my boss and his boss Tony had been forcing him to work in the ICU.
Bethany Shadid: Because of that,
Bethany Shadid: I I had had a conversation with him before he passed away.
Bethany Shadid: He single he lives alone, and he was talking about how
Bethany Shadid: How much he doesn't like working ICU and stuff.
Bethany Shadid: His to his two kids and they're both in college, both in medical school and
Bethany Shadid: My thoughts are a little scattered, so I apologize, but
Bethany Shadid: He had been calling out of work and
Bethany Shadid: The bosses had been coming down pretty hard on him and
Bethany Shadid: So I know this this idea for him to work in the intensive care unit because of the coronavirus was not his idea, but he was sucking it up right
Bethany Shadid: Nobody could understand how he could die in a house fire with smoke alarms and everything else and
Bethany Shadid: I just really
Bethany Shadid: Got the impression. And I don't know for sure. Don't get me wrong, but it would not surprise me if
Bethany Shadid: He was self medicating to deal with his injury and the pressure at work.
Bethany Shadid: And I won't know. But all of that I felt like
Bethany Shadid: You know with me. Learning that i have i inappropriately gave trust in my boss and management to take care of me.
Bethany Shadid: Or look out for me.
Bethany Shadid: That that's not there that they don't care. And this just really resonated
Bethany Shadid: How much they are willing to push
Bethany Shadid: At the expense of everybody else so
Bethany Shadid: All that being said,
Bethany Shadid: I'm that hit really hard.
Bethany Shadid: When I found out about it in passing away.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: Since then,
Bethany Shadid: We found out about this Friday afternoon.
Bethany Shadid: around lunchtime.
Bethany Shadid: And work in no time to deal with it before we were told that we needed to pack up the West Side clinic.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Combine the clinics into the to the downtown location.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: Apparently, the, the doctor that passed away was the only one that was still holding out to not
Bethany Shadid: Leave the West Side location where I'm usually station.
Bethany Shadid: And since he passed away, they had, they could go ahead with their plan.
Bethany Shadid: Um, so I found out at four o'clock that we were moving and I wasn't even told I was told by another co worker who said
Bethany Shadid: Hey this is exciting. We're all going to be working together in the same clinic next week and I was like oh really, okay. And as my boss was leaving the clinic. I said, Hey, I'm so Vanessa told me that we're, you know, leaving that we're moving over
Bethany Shadid: I was like, Is this temporary and definite what you know. He said, well, the governor said that if
Bethany Shadid: Well, I guess, during the crisis.
Bethany Shadid: That we don't have to pay rent if we vacate the stakes, I guess, across the board, so he wanted to quickly exit before the next month.
Bethany Shadid: Rent was due.
Bethany Shadid: So I was like, should I go over there. I have a whole pharmacy that I manage over there and I'm like meds and was like, Oh, yeah, yeah, maybe you should come over that might be good. So I rushed over to the west side.
Bethany Shadid: And when I got there it was chaos. I'm
Bethany Shadid: Everybody packing and it wasn't just packing like what you personally need to do your job at a different location. It was supplies equipment everything
Bethany Shadid: I was asked to get a list together of all the medications and in the pharmacy that needed to be transferred and
Bethany Shadid: I started getting really distressed.
Bethany Shadid: And realized I needed to put my foot down.
Bethany Shadid: And because, you know, initially that. Okay, I've got it, I've got to suck it up. I've got to do this. I've got a, you know,
Bethany Shadid: kicked in and I started having pain.
Bethany Shadid: Kidney stone pain.
Bethany Shadid: And was like, I can't do this to myself so I only gathered what I needed.
Bethany Shadid: I actually took all of my personal effects out of the office.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Got, got things together so that they couldn't have them if they wanted to.
Bethany Shadid: Because I'm not going to do this. He was like,
Bethany Shadid: Everybody over time has been approved, you know, and it was like, this isn't the way to do this is not the way to do this in my head, I'm like this is wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay there. Stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel that, feel that repeated.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is yeah, this is not the way to do this.
Bethany Shadid: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is wrong. Feel it. Feel your truth. I didn't land in there.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, so much so.
Bethany Shadid: So wrong. I was like, we just found out about this co worker.
Bethany Shadid: And you want us to pack up this office and move the very same day.
Bethany Shadid: And
Gwenevere Abriel: But that to me this grief. This isn't the way to do grief, either. No one's doing it right, this, this whole should know the omission, the lack of Let's all have a moment of silence, no matter the chaos unless cry.
Bethany Shadid: Right, nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so there's many things happening around what you just said. So let's feel them all. Let's fill the truth in it and you don't need one of your
Gwenevere Abriel: To believe you. You knew it you know it it was wrong. There was just go into all the different ways out this one Melanie just the whole deal just this isn't. This is not the way I would do it.
Bethany Shadid: Sitting on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, it just go back to back. There's a lot of them layered on top of each other just be there with them and you
Gwenevere Abriel: You turn to each one of those events. Perhaps they're behind each one adore perhaps they're all mingle together. Perhaps they're competing for attention. I don't know how they are in your mind but subtle them down and let's acknowledge each one you acknowledge each one with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do they need to be acknowledged. Just take a peek at just pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the right way to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a nice little short something just maybe it's a hug. Maybe it's a moment, it might be something some gesture that although not comprehensive. Because time is limited, but it is the right way. It does match.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's a lot coming at you at once.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just pick one, we, we have to pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: To focus on just for a moment, and then we'll do it well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be perfect. We won't be able to give it all the time it deserves, but it will be consistent with the right way. Yeah, so pick one, what would it be
Bethany Shadid: And I don't know if this is what you were thinking, but to me.
Bethany Shadid: The inappropriateness
Bethany Shadid: Of
Bethany Shadid: Putting
Bethany Shadid: A financial
Bethany Shadid: Game Over the well being.
Bethany Shadid: Of the staff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to question that that is true for you. You put people over right you know how to see that harmony that health
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes First that care comes first. And there's always time for care, right, this is it. We're getting close. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, as if that moment, as if, let's do some imagery. Why don't you just maybe it's a door and the y door keeps coming up for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inside that room just just take the handle and open the door and we can close it right behind just pick your little head in there and you see behind that door. People are not prioritizing appropriately.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you say to the people on the other side of that door. What do you do to get them realigned
Gwenevere Abriel: To focus on care instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Profit, just a quick, you're going to open the door and you're going to say something or do something, it won't last long. And then you're going to close it right back up.
Bethany Shadid: This moment deserves respect.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you do to respect it. What do you, what can you do
Bethany Shadid: give people the time
Bethany Shadid: To process. This
Bethany Shadid: Before
Bethany Shadid: Up routing everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you could close the door when she said that
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was needed. Okay, so let's see if we can find another door.
Um,
Bethany Shadid: medical establishment professional medical establishment.
Bethany Shadid: Moving at the last minute not communicating with your staff.
Bethany Shadid: Is beyond interpreter
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's that door unprofessionalism right there. She don't turn the handle crack it open.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do
Bethany Shadid: This is not the time or place.
Bethany Shadid: To be forcing a move.
Bethany Shadid: This means there's there's more tough planning involves that and you're in. We're in ourselves liable because of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this needs professional planning to mitigate liability.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And can you close the door after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's the next door.
Bethany Shadid: Next door is something I don't think I told you about completely
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see what happens if you don't tell me, because then we we risk one of yours validation, but instead you do the door you do we do it in real time. Because remember, we have a half hour. And remember, we haven't touched on obligation.
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting ready. So that's why we're doing these doors. So let's just see what happens. Okay ready
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: This, this is
Bethany Shadid: I am a licensed medical professional
Bethany Shadid: And there are not enough hours in the day for me to explain to you every decision that I make in order to do my job appropriately.
Bethany Shadid: OK, I will not be micromanaged okay which takes up way too much time if you want me to work efficient. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can close the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the truth.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a licensed medical professional
Gwenevere Abriel: To do a job efficiently, I cannot explain spend the time explaining myself. When actual clinical work needs to be done. This micromanaged I will not be micromanaged. Can you close the door.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's left
Bethany Shadid: I think that's it.
Bethany Shadid: Those are the real big, big things.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have not said anything about this is what surprises me. So I'm curious to know if you've done other other other pieces with
Gwenevere Abriel: The grief part
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: But
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how that didn't show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it because you've already addressed it in your way in a respectful way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or do you want to say something right we've cracked the door open and you get it said and done, does it. Is that a door did I make that up.
Bethany Shadid: No, I think.
Bethany Shadid: I'm if I'm being honest.
Bethany Shadid: Because of the way things were handled I
Bethany Shadid: I put it aside.
Bethany Shadid: I think I put grieving aside.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I walked
To
Bethany Shadid: I got over to the west side office.
Bethany Shadid: And the first thing that I did was walk into his office.
Bethany Shadid: And the tears started coming
Bethany Shadid: Just looking at
Bethany Shadid: photos of him.
Bethany Shadid: Kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't because remember this is you, you put care. You put care out there and that's why I'm saying it surprised me that that wasn't one of the doors.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Give us permission.
What
Bethany Shadid: I was told very quickly after
Bethany Shadid: After I walked into his office because after we found out, all I kept saying,
Bethany Shadid: Was I didn't want to be at the downtown clinic. It wasn't my home. It wasn't the people that I wanted to be around while we were processing it
Bethany Shadid: And so when I finally got to be there going in that office and getting that time you know that's what my intention was and very quickly.
Bethany Shadid: was confronted by management, who told us that everything had to be packed up and I said, Well, what about his stuff.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, so
Bethany Shadid: That's the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was not handled appropriately. Notice there's another one. So I want you to see the door label it right you go in here you go in and you say, remember this is consolidating I want to create time for future stuff that we're getting ready for so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do all you're going to do because you get to decide how much you let in. So you crack. Give yourself a label for the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something you just said, what about right. What about him. What about his stuff so picture that that behind that door is this concept of pictures and his stuff you caring about his stuff. When you're ready, you open it and don't be so careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: shouted out, if you have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What do you say into that room.
Bethany Shadid: This is so this is so disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Bethany Shadid: This man that's given so much
Bethany Shadid: We're going to pack up his things and put them in a box for his kids to get when his whole house burned down
Bethany Shadid: There may not be
Bethany Shadid: These pictures and
Bethany Shadid: It's so disgusting. The things in this office.
Bethany Shadid: Are probably priceless to his children.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're going to just quickly toss them in a box and and move on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It was a little bit more open this door and you let them have it. What do you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, the face. I saw it. I saw discussed face. I saw. Yep.
Bethany Shadid: This is beyond disgusting I it makes me wanna puke just thinking about the fact that we, you're such in such a rush.
Bethany Shadid: To move on from this person.
Bethany Shadid: What is this saying what is the same to everybody around you.
Bethany Shadid: Know, I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to, I want you to tell our what you think of him.
Bethany Shadid: THINK YOU'RE BEING. A PUSSY and letting your boss push you around because of money.
Bethany Shadid: When you I know you know
Bethany Shadid: Your heart. This is wrong.
Bethany Shadid: This is disgusting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you are being a hypocrite. No. Okay, can we close the door. Yeah, yeah. Guess what, guess what, Bethany, you know what, on the other side of the door is
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not workplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got the last word.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's your opinion you have every right to it. And the truth, the painful truth is they have a right to theirs and gets to be a hypocrite. Maybe someday. He's going to come face to face with a look how hard it is to let go right of
Gwenevere Abriel: Pleasing others and money and things, and instead turning inward. It is taking all of your effort to do it, it is no small thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is not an easy thing to do. If you close that door and you turn towards the open door you have somewhere else and get curious about what's on the other side of that door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you get into that visualization you pop your head in. He let him have it. I got the last word. I thought the last word. I got the last word. And I don't even want to hear what you have to say slam
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, maybe with with what happened with this gentleman.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you get to kind of take those pictures and really sort of with general tissue paper and everything and you get to maybe go to the hall and you get to in your imagery get to treat it with the gentle
Gwenevere Abriel: The precious nature that that is that can be part of that. But right now, what today is to talk about that open door.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: What's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's left in obligation for you at this point.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: I really, I really didn't feel a sense of obligation and still finding out about
Bethany Shadid: Dr Bradley's passing and and when I found that out. It was more of a sense of wanting to make things
Bethany Shadid: Okay, for my coworkers.
Bethany Shadid: Hmm, because I know that without me. They're going to have it the week's gonna be refer now saying that I know how silly it is as it comes out of my mouth, but that is honestly where it comes from.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, one of your goals is right. Do you know last week for two weeks, two weeks straight. I want you to hear your own voice. I really hope I typed it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So your goal is to decrease the automatic ignition. What can I do to fix it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the 23rd. Notice I think about what I'm eating. I'm feeling better. I can't save everyone you said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you are in your hubris right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're controlling what you can
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's to protect these other staff members. Can't do it. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then on top of that, will you not be able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be weird resentment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming out of nowhere. Now you're leaving the place with this weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff. When you go off.
Gwenevere Abriel: To where you want to go.
Mm hmm.
Bethany Shadid: Which is ultimately why I am not going back. Right, but that that definitely
Bethany Shadid: Comes up like, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Bethany. Is it your belief that there is something meaningful, you could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To make their worship life sustainably better in the few days, hours that you have left.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about to reach out to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a friend check in. How's it going, and you'd be a place for them to vent.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be in a solid confident place where you left and you role model self care you represented your value system.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you give them hope.
Good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it about the call, you're going to make in the next hour. What are we, what's, what are the logistics here.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, the call the call. I want to make sure that I don't write give any extra content for him to attack.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Say,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to say I'm gonna write it down.
Bethany Shadid: So what I've what I've rehearsed, a little bit is
Bethany Shadid: texting them and saying, Hey, I know you're busy, but I need to talk to you. You know, so he can call me when he has a moment I'm me when he calls. I'm going to say so, unfortunately.
Bethany Shadid: I won't be able to work this week.
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: Was not able to, or actually sorry I'm my North Carolina continuing education and some of the education that I've done here. I'm was not counted
Bethany Shadid: And because of that, I don't have a nursing license to work on this week. And so I'm going to me to
Bethany Shadid: Finish another 30 hours of continuing education and submit it to the New Mexico Board of Nursing.
Bethany Shadid: And have them.
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really long
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I care about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know how you started this, and you said, I don't want to give them content. You did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because guess what, guess what I'm going to say to you. Oh, perfect. I'm going to have you do those 30 hours on the west side site and I have you there. That's perfect. You can do you see us there. Perfect. You just gave room for him to come up with something
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I tell you,
It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you don't want to tell them
Bethany Shadid: This is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a good fit. And I, I wish you all the best. It happens to line up with
Gwenevere Abriel: My see us in North Carolina and now my license has lapsed. I'm going to kind of take seize this moment and let you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for all the things I've learned from you so grateful to this opportunity. I was out of work for a little while back in my group.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fit. Notice, notice as you might agree we never did quite just this fit just never seen just subtle. I want you to know. I'm so grateful to the experience. I'm not going to be coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I got some ideas about what to do with that next about that, about allocating up and we put things back on his shoulders. So there's no room for him to come up with questions. But you notice what I did. I said the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quitting
Gwenevere Abriel: I did dance around it. I said, the real truth. Yeah. Okay, now let's try it again. But deep breath deep breath, nice and concise.
Bethany Shadid: So our, um, unfortunately, I have to let you know that I won't
Bethany Shadid: I won't be able to continue on.
Bethany Shadid: In this role,
Bethany Shadid: Because I don't have a nursing license. I can't continue to work up until the point that I can't give you two weeks.
Okay.
But
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: In all honesty.
Bethany Shadid: We gave it a good shots.
Bethany Shadid: But it's not working out.
Bethany Shadid: It hasn't been healthy for me and I hope and wish you all the best of luck.
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha. How did that feel saying it like that.
Bethany Shadid: Much easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple of little things.
Gwenevere Abriel: You barely
Gwenevere Abriel: Know this concept of burying the lead.
Gwenevere Abriel: don't bury it. It got buried right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: My role, two weeks and you didn't say two week notice you just said two weeks. I wanted to jump in and I want to Bethany. What are you talking about, I literally didn't know what you were talking about because you're burying the lead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so beautifully done. You do it exactly like that you're on point. I'm just
Bethany Shadid: Know it's
Bethany Shadid: Very good point because I know he would come out that way, like what are you talking about, and it would throw me. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, so
Gwenevere Abriel: If you send patient if right because right he does that, I think, so it's oh oh hey al Hey listen, I know. In you go to playful, you can do the high pitch. Hey, listen, I know the timings really really off here, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish I could give you my two week. Notice, but unfortunately al al I can't come in. I am resigning
Gwenevere Abriel: And I really interesting and you just keep now you do explanation. You didn't bury the lead and interestingly timing on this. I can't even give you the two weeks because of
Gwenevere Abriel: These missing 30 hours of for my licenses last. I'm going to take these weeks I'm going to do this and you know you might agree. I'll just never did quite
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that, that we didn't click Like there was something off about client care and this piece and I and I'm so grateful to what you have taught me and I you should probably write down I kid you not, three things you want to thank them for written
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're going to get nervous. I always have those written
Gwenevere Abriel: And so here's an interesting thing that I did when I said, Alan, you might agree, and I do the thing that I know he's gonna agree on, you're going to get out to say this, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Leave a little time after that. What were you saying you know what out. You might you might agree that we we kind of never just settled on a really compatible sort of work group. Right. Quiet, quiet, let him say, yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am say it. He says, yeah, you're right. And then you could go on, but that's a beautiful thing. It's a very, very elegant way for them to basically say, yeah, makes sense that you go
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you go into. And you know what else. Hell, I learned this. I looked at myself in this way. I'm really grateful to this and they need to be honest, don't lie. But what are they
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be exaggerating a really small thing that you learned, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Nice way because, frankly, he's going to be your letter of reference.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, well, and I gotta be honest, I wasn't really gonna quit today I was more. So letting him know that I can't work.
Bethany Shadid: But yes, that is in
Bethany Shadid: In the plan. The weird thing is because of the coronavirus
Bethany Shadid: They're not moving forward with hiring the new hire my my job, my new job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh that's not good.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so, so, yes. The quitting quitting. I think is going to be a little bit further down the road.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I know. So sorry.
Bethany Shadid: It's okay, it's okay because ultimately, that's the plan.
Bethany Shadid: So you're at
Gwenevere Abriel: Home and get these 30 hours.
Bethany Shadid: Yes, I'm going to stay home, get these 30 hours. That's just the way that it is
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me let me let me do worst case scenario. Oh my gosh, Bethany, of all the time for you to do that. What the heck were you thinking this is right when we need you. What do you say, take a deep breath. First brief, brief.
Bethany Shadid: Well, I, I've been on my own, the past three weeks without any support. Now you have Melanie back this week. You guys will be far
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm going to take some time to get this done right. I've been prioritizing work over getting my see us while she was out something like that habit right have it ready for the worst thing you can accuse you of the
Bethany Shadid: True.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready, what's wrong with being ready. You're at all. You can be looking at your notes.
Bethany Shadid: Right, right.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Well, unfortunately, this month has been so chaotic that I didn't
Bethany Shadid: Check on it till I had time this weekend.
Bethany Shadid: And there's just no other way around it. I have to get those 30 hours done before I can resubmit
Bethany Shadid: And then I have to wait on the board of nursing, but I will keep you posted and you guys have Melanie back. So, you're in good hands.
Bethany Shadid: Sorry, I left singing
Gwenevere Abriel: So this part about between you and I. Is it true, the following
Gwenevere Abriel: All my energy was on such and such office while Melanie was out I neglected to to be mindful of these hours now that she's back I now have the time, I'll be it you know it doesn't line up with some more convenient timing. I'm going to be home working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll check in with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Such and Such day time. I think I should be done with it. Now I don't know if you want to say, is there anything you want me to do remotely like I have no idea how you want. Okay, nevermind. That part then
Bethany Shadid: Right. No, I'm basically
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just get this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got nine minutes. You want to do this part, which is you want to get him to answer the question you want him to answer. So think about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it light. You want it fluffy. You want it off the critical topic. So I'm going to give you examples, but only you know what to do with the content.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm so out. Are you noticing that I just wanted to redirect when I left off. I do them with a file. Do you need me to do anything around that. So I'm redirecting to a topic that he can answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can say something like, is there anything you need me to do around this and he'll basically say no. Okay. You want him to write done and then you'll say, well, you know what, okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me to touch base before Thursday when I return to work. No. Okay. All right, will stay safe and I'll let you know if I learned some kind of interesting cutting edge, blah, blah, blah, blah. Nursing CEO, blah, blah. And I can bring it to the training. All right, be safe.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: See it, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to get those ready
Bethany Shadid: I'm gonna write those down after we get it yeah yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: You direct the conversation to something where you basically says, No, I don't need you. I'm Melanie and you direct it to something light and fluffy, which is hope to get some of you may know better content.
Gwenevere Abriel: light and fluffy training looking forward to doing that bringing something hopefully useful back to the organization. I'll see on Thursday. Do you need me to touch base with you before my expected return, blah, blah. And he says, no, you say well alright well be safe, and I'll see you then.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I have. I have kind of a
Bethany Shadid: Really good.
Bethany Shadid: Thing to put back on him.
Bethany Shadid: Because Wednesday, I was on the call with him with human resources.
Bethany Shadid: I just happened to be in his office and he put them on speaker, and it was the day that Melanie got cleared to come back to work. It was like Wednesday at noon.
Bethany Shadid: And I found out shortly thereafter, that he wasn't going to have Melanie come in until Monday, which is today.
Bethany Shadid: So I had been working on my own for weeks now, two weeks at that point because she went on vacation.
Bethany Shadid: And then went into quarantine for two weeks. So I've been on my own this entire time. And when I asked him very directly Wednesday that Wednesday, I was like,
Bethany Shadid: Why, why is she not coming on until Monday. There's two more days in the week like she's already been out, you know, and he was like, well, it's pointless for her to come in for one day.
Bethany Shadid: And I was like, yeah, and I said one day I said there's Thursday and Friday that she could be here. And he said, well, we're not changing the schedule.
Bethany Shadid: So it's like
Bethany Shadid: All right then. So really, in this conversation. He has no room to speak. I've gotten him through this entire time on my own and that will be has another in if he can do it with just me and not give me any support than Melanie can do it without me.
Bethany Shadid: And that's why I'm gonna I'm gonna be light and fluffy.
Bethany Shadid: Ideal
Bethany Shadid: You know, and Melanie's back, you're in good hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, you already know you can do it with one Rn. I was there all week. In fact, that's kind of what drew all my attention. I kind of dropped the ball with my license.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got Melanie. Now you had me before you'll be just fine. And what about such and such case and you just you just keep going and going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can use that as a reference. Well, it was just me. Yes, yes, it's a challenge. And it was a bit distracting wasn't able to bubble up, up, up, up. But now you have Melanie okay can do this man, you got
Bethany Shadid: I feel so much better about it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, as much as like the craziness has been
Bethany Shadid: Um I stuck to my plan I stuck to my plan of taking care of myself this week and
Bethany Shadid: How do you say
Bethany Shadid: That's what got me through last week you know it been so difficult was knowing that I'm just going to continue with the plan. I'm going to, I'm going to do take care of myself.
Bethany Shadid: And that's it, and
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I tell you, though, that conversation when I found out that he was gonna let her have another two days off before coming back to work.
Bethany Shadid: I was so distressed. I did the thing you told me, which was I just sat there.
Bethany Shadid: at my desk and I was like okay I met like 95 right now. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Yep, all the way back down all the way back down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just watching the number. Isn't it amazing like you think that it does work.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, no. It really does. And I gotta be honest, I have some some positive things that happened that really
Bethany Shadid: really made a difference. Vanessa, the girl that
Bethany Shadid: Is very difficult to work with. Without Melanie here are these past like two and a half weeks, um, she she came to me. What was it
Bethany Shadid: Like Thursday last week.
Bethany Shadid: And she she pops her head in the door and goes
Bethany Shadid: We kind of make a good team. Don't we
Bethany Shadid: And I said, yeah. Yeah, we do.
Bethany Shadid: And she says, I guess. All it took was for Melanie to be gone for us to learn that we can work well together.
Gwenevere Abriel: No truer thing has been said.
Bethany Shadid: I was like, oh,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, cuz I was literally just killing her with kindness. This whole whole time, just everything just professional just nice and so to hear that was like
Bethany Shadid: And then I had the nurse practitioner al made a big BOO BOO HE'S BEEN REALLY micromanaging me
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: We had I forget what be but because it's just been me. He ended up forwarding an email exchange back and forth between me and him were I had been asking for clarification on stuff. Um,
Bethany Shadid: He emailed it he forwarded it to all the providers because of one little sentence in it where he told me that
Bethany Shadid: I may have to because of the increased workload, I may have to forward some of the patient issues directly to the provider.
Bethany Shadid: So just because of that one little sentence all the providers got this whole email exchange between me and him and the nurse practitioner that I'm really close with she came into my office and she said, Bethany.
Bethany Shadid: She's like, I've been watching the past two weeks. And she's like, You know what she was like, I've been watching them bully you
Bethany Shadid: She was like, don't let them do it. She was like, you're the one with the professional license. You're smarter than all of them put together.
Bethany Shadid: She said she has to share an office with one of the supervisors when she works at the west side. And she's like, I sit in there doing my notes and I have to listen to them talk. She goes, they're a bunch of fucking idiots Bethany.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll see
Bethany Shadid: Do not let them push you around like that.
Bethany Shadid: Next level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Send like that. That's a great way to end.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta start this group. Gotta run this group together. Let's breathe into the truths today, just some really good ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe into this badass that you are
Gwenevere Abriel: So smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, caring, you get the magic of both. You're so blessed
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have the ability to use the skill of moderating when to use intellect, when to use empathy. You can moderate it
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have that skill to you on your terms you decide how you want to feel when you want to feel it. You decide the course of the conversation.
Bethany Shadid: Thank you.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's schedule another time. If you can, I don't know. You tell me. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Next Monday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that puts us at April. Okay. Wow. April is upon us. That's amazing. And
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do 12 o'clock again.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it'll be April six at 12pm and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you're you're booking back to back because change is still coming
Bethany Shadid: Oh, gosh. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I look forward to seeing right now is Tara, a group day or no, I can't remember.
Bethany Shadid: I don't think so, because of the finances, but
Bethany Shadid: Um, who knows, maybe I will
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you get to you.
Bye.